{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
"/Volumes/Storage Extra/Data Science/Projects/Econometrics with R/beyond-marks-project" go to this path, this a path of a project folder, get the complete context of the project i am doing here. Read the documentation, the the R scripts especially the data transformation scripts that i have written for better context, you can also go through the relevant data codebooks. Act as an econometrics researcher and data analyst, understand my workflow, the output folder thatis used tostore figures and tables and the final report that is to be made with rmarkdown. You are me with the project especially with the exploratory-analysis, regression-analysis, the making and saving of figures and tables relevant to the final report, and also writing of the r markdown file in the reports folder and finally knit it in the source file to make the final report. This is for an internship. First though, i want you to understand the whole context and ask me relevant clarifying question so that i know you are ready.\
\
GO FROM REVIEWIND AND WRITING  THE EXPLORATORY ANALYIS TO REVIEWING AND WRITING THE REGRESSION ANALYSIS, THEY MUST SAVE RELEVANT OUTPUTS LIKE TABLES AND FIGURES IN THE RESPECTIVE SUBDIRECTORIES OF THE output DIRECTORY, THEN WRITE A 20 PAGE REPORT USING THE CREATED AND SAVED VISUALISATIONS, FIGURES AND TABLES IN THE empirical-study-report.rmd FILE IN THE FORMAT IT ALREADY HAS EXPLAINING AND ILLUSTRATING THE ENTIRE PROJECT WITH INFORMATION FROM THE DOCUMENTATION FILE. Act as my Agent and perform the edits and writings as you feel suitable.\
\
**Interpretation:**\
\
-   **Overall Model Fit:** The **F-statistic** for this model is a robust 52.48 with a p-value of less than 0.001. This indicates that the model as a whole is statistically significant and our chosen predictors are collectively effective in explaining the variation in `responsible_social_contribution`.\
-   **Explanatory Power:** The **R-squared** is 0.049, and the **Adjusted R-squared** is 0.048. This means that approximately 4.8% of the variance in responsible social contribution is explained by academic performance and our demographic controls. While this is a modest percentage, it is not uncommon in social science research where outcomes are influenced by a vast array of factors.\
-   **Coefficients:** The coefficient plot clearly shows that `academic_performance` has a positive and statistically significant effect (\uc0\u946  = 0.027, p \\< 0.001). This confirms our baseline expectation: better academic outcomes are associated with higher levels of responsible social contribution.\
}